title: "终极英语会话8000句"
date: 2016-03-23 09:29:42
tags:
- English
- 终极英语会话8000句
categories:
- 生活
---

# Uint 1. People

## Five Senses

### Sight

 1. It appears to be raining.but I'm not sure.

 2. After the accident, James became blind.

 3. The dust in the air made me blink a lot.

 4. You shouldn't touch your eyeball with your dirty hands.

 5. My eyesight is very poor without glasses.

 6. Would you rather be near-sighted or far-sighted.

 7. Tom didn't notice that his boss was mad.

 8. He peeked into the room to see what was happening.

 9. I can't read this without my reading glasses.

 10. He rubbed his eyes because he was so tired.

 11. There's something in my eye that hurts.

 12. Her vision has worsened over the years.

 13. Shelley witnessed the accident in front of her house.

 14. That old building is a real eyesore.

 15. The man gazed into his girlfriend's eyes.

 16. I glanced at the newspaper this morning.

 17. I only caught a glimpse of her through the doorway.

 18. That trick is not real; it's just an illusion.

 19. The teacher observed the children while they took the test.

 20. The man peered through the window.

 21. I didn't recognize my former school teacher.

 22. He spied some money on the table.

 23. It's not polite to star at people.

 24. The plastic is totally transparent.

 25. He accidentally scratched his cornea.

 26. The iris is one part of the eye.

 27. He noticed the girl out of the corner of his eye.

 28. Your pupils get smaller when sun is bright.

 29. The bright sunlight made her squint.

 30. Don't strain your eyes by staring at the computer too long.

### Hearing

 31. The sound was almost not audible.

 32. Do you own much audio equipment?

 33. He can't hear you, because he's deaf.

 34. The loud noise woke me up.

 35. I enjoy listening to music.

 36. Did you hear that noise?

 37. My neighbor had a noisy party last night.

 38. I overheard Betty say she has a new boyfriend.

 39. You don't need to shout because I'm right next to you.

 40. The machine was silent because it was broken.

 41. Please turn down the volume of the radio.

 42. Stop yelling at me.

 43. There was a loud bang when the cars crashed into each other.

 44. There was a loud boom when the bomb exploded.

 45. He could'n stop coughing for five minutes.

 46. There was a loud clang when the metal door closed.

 47. The fire crackled in the fireplace.

 48. The sound was so loud it was deafening.

 49. The simmer gasped for air.

 50. The boss growled at the worker.

 51. It was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop.

 52. Everyone heard the high-pitched sound.

 53. The roar of the airplane was annoying.

 54. My new runners squeak when I walk.

 55. The glasses tinkled when they touched.

 56. Mike's stereo blared the whole night.

 57. It's rude to eavesdrop on other people's conversation.

 58. Laura shrieked when she saw a mouse.

 59. I hate it when people slurp through their straws.

 60. The heavy book fell to the ground with a thud.

### Taste

 61. Without sugar, coffee is quite bitter.

 62. This spaghetti is delicious.

 63. I really like the flavor of this ice cream.

 64. The soup tastes too salty.

 65. I don't like lemons because they are sour.

 66. Thai food is extremely spicy.

 67. This coffee tastes too sugary.

 68. Many Westerners enjoy sweet desserts.

 69. This dish is quite tart -- you need to add more sugar.

 70. My wife's cooking is a bit tasteless sometimes.

 71. My mother's cooking is really yummy.

 72. The food at this restaurant is very appetizing.

 73. I need to put some pepper on this bland food.

 74. This steak has a bit of a peppery taste to it.

 75. I think this dish needs more seasoning.

 76. You forgot to put the milk in the refrigerator and now it's spoiled.

 77. This bread is not fresh; it is stale.

 78. Karen makes very tasty cookies.

 79. Wine shouldn't have a vinegary flavor.

 80. I like orange juice, because it's tangy.

 ### Smell

 81. There's a strong fishy smell in the market.

 82. Roses have a wonderful fragrant smell.

 83. I can't stand the odor of dirty socks.

 84. I smell the scent of cinnamon in this coffee.

 85. Her husband's feet are smelly.

 86. Your shoes stink a lot.

 87. Throw out the stinky trash.

 88. Linda deodorized the room with a spray.

 89. The fragrance of her perfume is strong.

 90. The old house smelled moldy.

 91. Open the windows to get rid of the musty smell.

 92. Some gasses are odorless.

 93. Do you use scented or unscented hairspray?

 94. He sniffed at the milk to see if it was too old.

 95. I love the aroma of fresh bread.

 96. Do not breathe in the fumes from glue.

 97. Many Westerners think stinky tofu smells putrid.

 98. The garbage can reeks of spoiled milk.

 99. Where is that awful stench coming from?

 100. The scent of her perfume wafted through the air.

### Touch

 101. The weather is quite chilly this morning.

 102. My skin feels too dry.

 103. Guangzhou is extremely humid in the summer.

 104. My arm itches right now.

 105. After not moving for a while, his leg was numb.

 106. The people waiting for the bus shivered in the cold.

 107. Be careful! The floor is slippery.

 108. The ice on the lake wasn't smooth.

 109. The surface of the wood is uneven.

 110. The tea is not hot, only warm.

 111. Don't touch the boiling water.

 112. Jack has a firm handshake.

 113. My mosquito bite is really itchy.

 114. Clean the machine with a moist towel.

 115. Do you have shampoo for oily hair?

 116. Tom patted his dog on the head.

 117. He got mad and punched Bruce in the face.

 118. Before he shaved, his face felt rough.

 119. George rubbed his sore arm.

 120. Simon scratched his itchy leg.

 121. The table feels quite solid.

 122. This material is not solid enough -- It's too spongy.

 123. Debbie squeezed my hand too tightly.

 124. Sandra felt sweaty in the hot sun.

 125. Stop tickling me with your fingers.

 126. A ticklish person tickles easily.

 127. Your cell phone is vibrating.

 128. He loves it when she caresses his hand.

 129. His hair is coarse compared to mine.

 130. Some parts of Canada are frigid in the winter.

 131. This food is lukewarm; please make it hotter.

 132. Bobby used to pinch his little sister.

 133. I hate animals that are slimy.

 134. She stroked her boyfriend's arm.

 135. Sometimes my right hand tingles.

### The Body

 1. I can't run, because I broke my ankle.

 2. He fell on his arm.

 3. I think my belly is getting smaller.

 4. Some women like to show their belly buttons.

 5. I hit my big toe against the post.

 6. Blood dripped from the cut on his hand.

 7. Do women like men with body hair?

 8. The father spanked the boy on his bottom.

 9. It's impolite to blow your nose during dinner.

 10. The brain needs a lot of blood.

 11. The woman's breasts were small.

 12. Is my butt too big?

 13. When I run, I breathe hard.

 14. She put a lot of makeup on her cheeks.

 15. He has a lot of hair on his chest.

 16. Make sure to chew your food.

 17. She cried when she heard the news.

 18. His big ears make him look funny.

 19. I accidentally hit my elbow against the post.

 20. How often do you exercise at the gym?

 21. Jim's eyebrows are thick.

 22. Alex only has four fingers on his right hand.

 23. I broke my fingernail.

 24. Playing the guitar makes your fingertips tough.

 25. Everyone has a unique set of fingerprints.

 26. One of Rick's feet is larger than the other.

 27. She painted her forehead with a red dot.

 28. I really need to go on a diet.

 29. You should see a dentist: your gums are bleeding.

 30. I think my gut is bigger now than last month.

 31. I really like your new hairstyle.

 32. How did you get that bruise on your hand?

 33. Brenda put her head on Ken's shoulder.

 34. Exercise is good for your heart.

 35. My tight shoes are hurting my heel.

 36. My height is 175 centimeters.

 37. Do you think my hips are too big?

 38. He pointed at me with his index finger.

 39. I like to jog two kilometers every day.

 40. Jeff hurt his knees when he fell down.

 41. He licked his fingers after eating fried chicken.

 42. Her lips are soft and large.

 43. He raised his middle finger.

 44. A mole on my arm seems to be growing bigger.

 45. Jasmine thinks her nose is too big.

 46. Nutrition is important for your health.

 47. The pain in Robert's neck is getting worse.

 48. Lucy held a coin in the palm of her hand.

 49. Another name for the "little finger" is the "pinky".

 50. You wear a wedding ring on your ring finger.

 51. My brother has a big scar on his left leg.

 52. My shoulders hurt after lifting those boxes.

 53. The skull is tough and protects the brain.

 54. A smile makes you look friendly.

 55. You should always cover your mouth when you sneeze.

 56. Bob's wife hates that he snores all night.

 57. My back is sore after lifting that box.

 58. Her tears fell down her face.

 59. Our thumbs help us grab things.

 60. Since I have a cold, my throat is sore.

 61. She accidentally bit her tongue.

 62. My waist is too big to fit into these pants.

 63. She whispered, "I love you."

 64. The boy winked at the pretty girl.

 65. Keith has been bald since he turned 40.

 66. Jim is worried about his bald spot getting bigger.

 67. If you drink a lot of beer you will get a beer belly.

 68. Ben is a strong man with big biceps.

 69. The mother told her child to stop biting his nails.

 70. A blood clot is very dangerous.

 71. Your bloodstream keeps you alive.

 72. After walking for five kilometers, I got a blister on my foot.

 73. Kelly blushes deeply when she is embarrassed.

 74. Harry missed school, because of a broken leg.

 75. She was born with big buck teeth.

 76. Ted bruised his arm when he hit it against the wall.

 77. Sean's calves are strong because he walks everyday.

 78. You've got some food on your chin.

 79. You should cover your mouth when you cough.

 80. Debbie has a cute dimple on her chin.

 81. You can harm your eardrums by listening to loud music.

 82. Kim's earlobes are smaller than mine.

 83. Some women wear false eyelashes.

 84. Debbie always looks so fit.

 85. The boss folded his arms and stared at Tim.

 86. Sam grabbed his forearm so he couldn't leave.

 87. A frown is not as pretty as a smile.

 88. The baby giggled with excitement.

 89. She could feel her heartbeat, because she was so exicted.

 90. Yolanda couldn't stop hiccoughing for five minutes.

 91. How do you keep in shape?

 92. The basketball player injured his elbow.

 93. Jerry's injury kept him in the hospital for three weeks.

 94. People can live with just one kidney.

 95. Tony lifted the suitcase onto the bed.

 96. Drinking too much alcohol can harm your liver.

 97. People who smoke damage their lungs.

 98. Molars are large teeth that are good for chewing.

 99. The baby sucked on her mother's nipple.

 100. Every nose has two nostrils.

 101. Fruit and vegetables are very nutritious.

 102. Organs are very important parts of your body.

 103. Breaking your leg is very painful.

 104. After the accident, Ben became paralyzed.

 105. Your pulse gets faster when you exercise.

 106. He broke two ribs in the accident.

 107. The little girl fell and scraped her knees.

 108. The man sipped his soda in the restaurant.

 109. The injury to his spine left him paralyzed.

 110. It's quite rude to spit in front of other people.

 111. The cute baby sucked on its thumb.

 112. He put the pill in his mouth and swallowed it.

 113. You're really sweating in this heat.

 114. I have strong thighs because I exercise a lot.

 115. Trevor got so sick that he threw up.

 116. Your body is made up of many tissues.

 117. The drunken man vomited into the toilet.

 118. Do you think Jenny has gained a lot of weight?

 119. Nancy wiggled her toes in the sand.

 120. As she got older, Karen worried more about her wrinkles.

 121. His watch fell off his wrist.

 122. I could see that he was tired when he yawned.

 123. There was a terrible smell coming from his armpit.

 124. He died after a major artery was cut.

 125. Get up off your buttocks and do some work.

 126. My father has a problem with his esophagus.

 127. Tom got kicked in the genitals.

 128. Your sweat glands help keep your body cool.

 129. The runner hurt his hamstrings in the race.

 130. He fell so hard that he injured his kneecaps.

 131. The knuckles are a strong part of your hand.

 132. I think I have a high metabolism.

 133. That shirt doesn't even cover your navel.

 134. The pituitary gland is important for growth.

 135. The hot sun makes me perspire a lot.

 136. Perspiration makes your clothing wet.

 137. A person's ribcage protects many organs.

 138. The soccer player got kicked in the shins.

 139. Ron sprained his ankle playing football.

 140. He hurt his tailbone when he fell.

 141. Many people get their tonsils removed when they are children.

 142. I need to cut my toenails.

 143. The angry dog made me tremble with fear.

 144. Don't forget to wash our underarms.

 145. I can see the veins in my arm.

 146. Our vocal chords allow us to speak.

 147. The old woman has an ugly wart on her nose.

 148. A piece of food got stuck in his windpipe.
